hello then today I want to talk to you about
difference that I found in pastas
however flesh-colored I don't try 4 the
soft film number 43
the classic film always the number 43 and
the super goal shoes
fimo but papin then I start with
say that I am 3 out of 4 because the first one
soft with the booklet I don't buy it anymore
and I won't buy it again because I don't
like in general I prefer the film
classic the flaw of the classic movie e
which has a range of colors for sure
more reduced but I prefer it
so much thyme I know if it is too much
soft too sticky especially
now that the summer is coming
so the heat I then suffer from
hyperhidrosis so I always have my hands
hot on dates and not worth it
I really do n't have difficulties
really like the final effect of the first
soft because it is too much fish
transparent know dead rat does not tell me
anything
instead the first classic that I buy
always in these 350 confessions
grams which costs 8 euros 70 then in the
relationship than to buy so many
classic kim blocks of 56 grams of
surely there is convenience
first there are so many I prefer
very much because it is first of all soft
even if it is a little conditioned before
using it is certainly very compact and the
final result is as far as i am
it's about my personal taste a lot
more pleasant because it is this is more
rosé fuller color while the
soft film and less than less contrast not
I know how to say it is that less load while
classic film with this beautiful color
pink that I love a lot and between
the other like all taxes
above all these little pigmented is
very elastic this is often you have the
pasta machine the thickness 5
very thin this piece e
as you can see it is easily that is, it is a lot
elastic does not break does not break me
I definitely prefer the classic movie
compared to all the flesh-colored I have
tried then i tried the papin type that
it is sold only in large blocks from
half a kilo for 11 euros and 60 for best
makeup site playgirl I stock up on
when I need a lot of pasta we sell it in
four colors made if porcelain
miniatures I bought it twice
first time in the color formulation
beige
but it was not at all too dull
little dolls looked good
corpses I did not like I gave him one
second chance and I bought the
pink is this here i used it in
actually I didn't use it to create i
faces of dolls because
I didn't like that either
I say mostly cool papin is not
liked because that's too much
dull to cause that color and this is it
this is the difference from the
single but I'm sure you don't
will see nothing in this camera
but you will not see this difference
it is classic and much more pink much more
load this instead cool papin rose
it's done I don't like it at all
even this elastic but same thickness
a little less
then I noticed that it barely moves
after cooking always leave these
little scales inside I don't know if
because I didn't condition the pasta
because actually I now to do
this test simply removed it
real panetto I pulled it into the car
I cut it and the unit they cooked
so there has not conditioned
amalgamated maybe I didn't do it
I would have achieved this result though
since it happened to me so many times of
having a piece of film does it for so in
these conditions are not seen however
there are small scales
I think if a speech of
break there is someone who suggested me maybe
a culture too excessive but I have
done together with these other pieces of
pasta other creations always for 30
minutes that nothing happened
they have altered the color so it is not
I know myself I don't like it anyway
the film does it because it is very hard
I practically crumble a lot
I use it as a god I mean I add it
to the colors to make them less loaded then
I tried the super just out of curiosity
scarp living doll this is sold i
pats only from an alibrandi the 450
grams 4 154 g pays you 13 euros and 50
so the more what will be of the whole
my 4 dressed because I don't even like it
this similar in various colors ie
brown to reproduce the bodies of
coloured people
you have to pericotti the children then that is light
for the fairies characters anyway
fantastic and then that is what is the
badge that should be the same as
Human skin actually looks a lot like
to the color of my skin but not me
like i find it a color is a lot
disturbing I had made a fatigue
with this pasta to try and not me
she had liked this too
pasta among other things after cooking
transparent stairs in the
that I do n't like so what
I do not like the consistent instead it is
very good because mobilissima but not
sticky is not necessary
condition it before using it is
very soft to work but immediately
as the cake is already soft and allows
precisely because it is so compact of making gods
details that otherwise would not be
It is possible to make hands anyway
body details for sure
This phase most suitable to those who may in
model and dolls or water does not have me
said nothing and this not the
I will buy again the consistency of
however, the color does not like it as well
it costs so much because it costs 13 herbal coins
50 does not suit me, and honestly
this is therefore lindahl cooked and is
the one who laughed the most is broken and therefore
I hadn't noticed this, though
that is, it is not elastic does not have the
characteristic of elasticity I do not
other passes he bent up to
right point and then it is broken and then a
greater reason failed to reject it
they think to buy it again they are not
not even as an additive to stretch
color no but this other pasta no
that is me now that is bending
folding back, beginning to see
one especially on the latter soft
I begin to see a light vehicle
proceeding was that thing thing
bleached list where it bends but not
it breaks it didn't do that it has instead
did this here so I don't like it
he didn't buy them anymore and thank goodness
I noticed it because otherwise
I would have used it hoping that is convinced that
was as transparent as the others that
they were both like the weighing for
reaching it other colors knows well then
these are my considerations on
these passes
I hope I have been helpful hello